Update readme.md to include linters (#67)
catdevnull/awesome-zig: readme.md

* [MasterQ32/ZigPaint](https://github.com/MasterQ32/ZigPaint) - A simple paint application. Used to create an OpenGL loader/wrapper and a minimal UI system.
* [olexij-christian/zgtk3](https://github.com/olexij-christian/zgtk3) - GTK3 bindings.

## Linters

> * [KurtWagner/zlinter](https://github.com/KurtWagner/zlinter) - Zig linter that is integrated from source into your `build.zig`
> * [DonIsaac/zlint](https://github.com/DonIsaac/zlint) - A linter for the Zig programming language
> * [nektro/ziglint](https://github.com/nektro/ziglint) - A linting suite for Zig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [KurtWagner/zlinter](https://github.com/KurtWagner/zlinter) - Linter that integrates from source into your `build.zig`
* [DonIsaac/zlint](https://github.com/DonIsaac/zlint) - Linter
* [nektro/ziglint](https://github.com/nektro/ziglint) - Linting suite
```
